Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Have you heard this song before?
Oi!
Hmm hmm
This has an A.I.Channel feeling, doesn't it?
Well... I didn't make it however~
But well, you know...
Lately, I've just...
Had enough of it... you know?
I mean...
If I've had enough of it...
I thought that might be the same for you all
That's why... Ehm...
If you'd like it
It doesn't have to be forced
Really, in the end, only if you'd like to
I thought that maybe one of you viewers could maybe give me the favor of making one~
Couldn't you do this request?
No, truly, you don't need to force yourself
It's fine if it's just for people who have the free time
For this broken down A.I...
Can you pitch in and help!!? *Babam*
If you think like that
From the softness of your heart...
If there are any such people, please!!
What kind of song would be good for the ending?
The length should be 10 seconds, the tempo should be good and have a cute feeling
And, somehow, if you listen to it once...
A song that will get stuck in your head and would make you hum, it would be good
Well, I don't ask you to force yourself to do it
I'm mostly just asking you to do it like I did it, however
Please!!
After that... You know, it's that...
Vitally, the application method!!
First, please update the created video to your YouTube channel with limited availability
Then... This is my address
I'd be glad if you would send the link to this address
I'm taking applications until October 31
I'm counting on you!
I am waiting for the song that will make all of you fall in love with A.I.Channel
That was Vitual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by: Bararo